Add entries to the migration guide for 1.11 (#7889)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guides/1.10-1.11.md

sleep 5; \
done
```
### IP address assignment for the load balancer

> Following a successful Kyma upgrade, it may happen that the load balancer for the `apiserver-proxy` or `istio-ingressgateway` component receives a new external IP address. In such a case, you must assign this IP address in the DNS server. Follow these steps:

Author: It is actually `in` the DNS server where an IP address is assigned to a domain.  I reworded it a bit though :)

1. Check the load balancer's IP address. See the example for `apiserver-proxy`:

```bash
kubectl get svc -n kyma-system apiserver-proxy-ssl  -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}"
```

> 2. Verify if the output IP address matches the exsiting DNS configuration. If not, update the DNS configuration using the instructions in [this](https://kyma-project.io/docs/#installation-install-kyma-with-your-own-domain-configure-dns-for-the-cluster-load-balancer) document.

Author: 👍

sleep 5; \
done
```
### IP address assignment for the load balancer

Following a successful Kyma upgrade, it may happen that the load balancer for the `apiserver-proxy` or `istio-ingressgateway` component receives a new external IP address. In such a case, you must add an entry in the DNS server to assign this IP address to a domain. 

Follow these steps:

1. Check the load balancer's IP address. See the example for `apiserver-proxy`:

```bash
kubectl get svc -n kyma-system apiserver-proxy-ssl  -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}"
```
2.  Verify if the IP address listed in the output matches the existing DNS configuration. If not, update the DNS configuration using the instructions in [this](https://kyma-project.io/docs/#installation-install-kyma-with-your-own-domain-configure-dns-for-the-cluster-load-balancer) document.

> 

Reviewer: pls remove blank lines

```bash
NAMESPACE   NAME                                   READY   REASON                 BROKER    SUBSCRIBER_URI           AGE
test        654331ad-f6ab-56ab-bd91-e0b397afb7b8   False   NotSubscribed          default   http://test.test:8080/   39h
```

3. Get the Trigger's details:

```bash
kubectl describe triggers.eventing.knative.dev -n {NAMESPACE} {TRIGGER_NAME}
```
4. If the status of the Trigger is `Type:Ready Status:False` with the `object is being deleted: subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev` message, get the Subscriptions for the Triggers:

```bash
kubectl get subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev -n {NAMESPACE} -l  eventing.knative.dev/trigger={TRIGGER_NAME}
```

5. Scale `eventing-controller` down:

```bash
kubectl scale deploy -n knative-eventing eventing-controller --replicas=0
```

6. Patch the Subscriptions:

```bash
kubectl patch -n {NAMESPACE} subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev {SUBSCRIPTION_NAME} --type merge -p '{"metadata": {"finalizers": []}}'
```

7. Scale `eventing-controller` up:

```bash
kubectl scale deploy -n knative-eventing eventing-controller --replicas=1
```

> Deleting the finalizer makes the garbage collector remove the old Subscriptions and triggers the creation of new Subscriptions. As a result, the link between Triggers and Subscriptions is restored.

Reviewer: https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/7889#discussion_r402919887

After the migration, use the new Knative Eventing Mesh endpoint, `https://gateway.domain/APP_NAME/events`, to send events.

> **NOTE**: The deprecated `https://gateway.domain/APP_NAME/v1/events` endpoint will be handled by the compatibility layer which uses the new Eventing Mesh to route events to the sinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The deprecated `https://gateway.domain/APP_NAME/v1/events` endpoint will be handled by the compatibility layer which uses the new Eventing Mesh to route events to the sinks.
```

> **NOTE**: The old endpoint, `https://gateway.domain/APP_NAME/v1/events`, will be handled by the compatibility layer which uses the new Eventing Mesh to route events from the old endpoints to the sinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The deprecated `https://gateway.domain/APP_NAME/v1/events` endpoint will be handled by the compatibility layer which uses the new Eventing Mesh to route events from the deprecated endpoints to the sinks.
```

Reviewer: `deprecated endpoints` - so is there one deprecated endpoint or more?

Author: No should be this one - I  changed this line a bit to also remove the duplications.

### Verify event processing

> After the upgrade, event processing may encounter some issues caused by Subscriptions not being removed and recreated properly. To fix this, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the upgrade, there can be issues with event processing that are caused by Subscriptions not being removed and recreated properly. To fix this, perform the following steps:
```

Author: 👍

1. Get all Triggers in the cluster:

```bash
kubectl get triggers.eventing.knative.dev -A
```

> If an issue occurs, the Triggers will have the **READY** parameter set to `False`. See the example:

Reviewer: so `the Triggers` or `Triggers`? ;)

> If an issue occurred, Triggers will have the **READY** parameter set to `False`. See the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an issue occurs, Triggers will have the **READY** parameter set to `False`. See the example:
```

Author: 👍

```bash
NAMESPACE   NAME                                   READY   REASON                 BROKER    SUBSCRIBER_URI           AGE
test        654331ad-f6ab-56ab-bd91-e0b397afb7b8   False   NotSubscribed          default   http://test.test:8080/   39h
```

> 3. Get Trigger details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get the Trigger's details:
```

Author: 👍

```bash
kubectl describe triggers.eventing.knative.dev -n {namespace} {trigger_name}
```

> 4. If the status of the Trigger is `Type:Ready Status:False` with a message `object is being deleted: subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev`, get the Subscriptions for the Triggers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If the status of the Trigger is `Type:Ready Status:False` with the `object is being deleted: subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev` message, get the Subscriptions for the Triggers:
```

Author: 👍

```bash

> kubectl get subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev -n {namespace} -l  eventing.knative.dev/trigger=<trigger_name>

Reviewer 2: {trigger_name} probably

Author: yes absolutely :)

```

> 5. Scale down `eventing-controller`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Scale `eventing-controller` down:
```

Author: 👍

```bash
kubectl scale deploy -n knative-eventing eventing-controller --replicas=0
```

6. Patch the Subscriptions:

```bash

> kubectl patch -n {namespace} subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev {subscription_name} --type merge -p '{"metadata": {"finalizers": []}}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl patch -n {NAMESPACE} subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev {SUBSCRIPTION_NAME} --type merge -p '{"metadata": {"finalizers": []}}'
```

Reviewer: (+ anywhere else)

> kubectl patch -n <namespace> subscriptions.messaging.knative.dev {subscription_name} --type merge -p '{"metadata": {"finalizers": []}}'

Reviewer 2: `{namespace}` probably

Author: 👍  true

```

> 7. Scale up `eventing-controller`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Scale `eventing-controller` up:
```

Author: 👍

```bash
kubectl scale deploy -n knative-eventing eventing-controller --replicas=1
```

> Deleting the finalizer makes the garbage collector remove the old Subscriptions and triggers the creation of new Subscriptions. As a result, there is again a link between Triggers and Subscriptions.

Reviewer: if not `existing`, maybe `deprecated` instead of `old`?

> Deleting the finalizer makes the garbage collector remove the old Subscriptions and triggers the creation of new Subscriptions. As a result, there is again a link between Triggers and Subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting the finalizer makes the garbage collector remove the old Subscriptions and triggers the creation of new Subscriptions. As a result, the link between Triggers and Subscriptions is restored.
```

> Deleting the finalizer makes the garbage collector remove the old Subscriptions and triggers the creation of new Subscriptions. This way, Triggers can again be linked to Subscriptions and ready to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting the finalizer makes the garbage collector remove the existing Subscriptions and triggers the creation of new Subscriptions. This way, you can link Triggers to Subscriptions again and use them.
```

Reviewer: But actually... is this part needed: `and use them.`? If yes, maybe we could explain how we can use them now.

Author: No, but I would leave the passive voice here because it's not the user who links the Triggers to Subscriptions in this case.  I changed the wording to improve it.

> To confirm that, check the status of Triggers:

Reviewer: maybe elsewhere this `the` in front of Triggers is also not required?

Author: I will have a look :)
